[WIP] AAP-18144: Editorial edits (#845)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/assemblies/platform/assembly-system-requirements.adoc

.Prerequisites

* You can obtain root access either through the `sudo` command, or through privilege escalation. For more on privilege escalation see link:https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/playbook_guide/playbooks_privilege_escalation.html[Understanding Privilege Escalation].
* You can de-escalate privileges from root to users such as: AWX, PostgreSQL, {EDAName}, or Pulp.

> * You have configure an NTP client on all nodes. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/{PlatformVers}/html/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform_upgrade_and_migration_guide/migrate-isolated-execution-nodes#automation_controller_configuration_requirements[Configuring NTP server using Chrony].

Reviewer: Minor nit: 

```suggestion
* You have configured an NTP client on all nodes. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/{PlatformVers}/html/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform_upgrade_and_migration_guide/migrate-isolated-execution-nodes#automation_controller_configuration_requirements[Configuring NTP server using Chrony].d
```
